we are partners with our
husband Dmitri are partners
Connection Companies 2006
know here if the key points for
us it was a key moment
and probably those who work with it
product to understand what I am saying is true
dozens on products are awesome
the results of this product
gorgeous and we really
took over this as an opportunity
grow in business
and I can say that you have during this time
our cooperation
companies and works with us in this
business a huge team was like that
period of my life when
before acquaintance with the company
when I had a disease like
allergic vasculitis if someone
knows what it is it legs below the knee
absolutely would not most of the measures
time
and constant all vessels and thin
walls of the contact network removed all doctors
they said that it would be impossible for me
enter opinion will need to quit with
work
no need to lie do not be offended mode
Aeb Demoyan is doomed
if you notice it is clear that active
man yes this project I don't
imagine what were chained to
bed not saying that I will be so even
bury they say well and here
there is no choice otherwise would not stand
if you do not have blood vessels instantly immediately
work then you nobody so much
will take place
this is an irreversible residue process they
used n
all sorts of ointment and its inside and
consumed and applied
all kinds of congress this
standing leg baggage
and Tomsk, I would wear some kind of dress and
heel it was impossible and
unrealistic for one simple reason
I was
he was 3 sizes bigger
believed that my main size
these were trousers wide equal
casing as they say because
it was impossible to watch i know i don't
I went to get
what was the condition and in such
I was already in state for two s
half a year and she
aggravated not aggravated
at the time of acquaintance with audi stars
I remember the product when we are with Olga
Vasilievna were in the office
you know me how
I don’t know maybe very well
immediately realize that such a problem grandfather
deficiency
I have a few such questions and I think
good iodine is not enough good but
where he is missing is not enough I
I understand this, but I was very touched
the question is exactly what goes out
radiation from the body and since I myself
come from Kirovohrad and knowing that that city
standing on uranium veins it
so long known
I understood what exactly radiation radiation is
very important we will be very necessary
push this product
you have no idea what was mine
surprise when i'm on fourth
a day after drinking me
things started to happen to
by numbers
they wore political days
but then less and less and less and
less left me
tumor but
fully recovered went to
shift the red-blue divorce to the legs and if
You see me today them about year
but even more than a year
I will not call me, my legs did not hurt for me
this is a huge huge testimony
and I know that
what exactly is this result related to
use this product one by one
simple reason because nothing
another I do not pogrebnyak with us